Adding more meta titles and descriptions (#2349)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Getting-Started/Data/Defining-content/index.md

---
meta.Title: "Defining content"

> meta.Description: "Here you'll find an explanation of how content is defined in v8"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta.Description: "Here you'll find an explanation of how content is defined in Umbraco 8"
```
